docs: mention island features SFC only (#26013)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/2.directory-structure/1.components.md

Server-only components use [`<NuxtIsland>`](/docs/api/components/nuxt-island) under the hood, meaning that `lazy` prop and `#fallback` slot are both passed down to it.

::alert{type=warning}

> Most features for server only components and island components such as slots and client components are only available with SFC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most features for server-only components and island components, such as slots and client components, are only available for single file components.
```
